docs: add consensus pubkey docs (#19081)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/staking/README.md

* signer is not the authority defined in the staking keeper (usually the gov module account).

### MsgRotateConsPubKey

The `MsgRotateConsPubKey` updates the consensus pubkey of a validator
with a new pubkey, the validator must pay rotation fees (default fee 1000000stake) to rotate the consensus pubkey.

```protobuf reference
https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/efa7636756ad0164ae5ef75f958ffec95a4201a4/proto/cosmos/staking/v1beta1/tx.proto#L213-L226
```

The message handling can fail if:

* The new pubkey is not a `cryptotypes.PubKey`.
* The new pubkey is already associated with another validator.
* The new pubkey already present in the cons pubkey rotation history.
* The validator address is not in validators list.
* The `max_cons_pubkey_rotations` limit reached within unbonding period.

> * The validator don't have fee to pay for rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The validator doesn't have enough balance to pay for the rotation.
```

* remove the `Redelegation` object from the store if there are no
  remaining entries.

#### ConsPubKeyRotations

> After waiting for unbonding period of time the matured rotations will be removed from queues and indexes to unblock the validator for the next iterations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the completion of the unbonding period, matured rotations will be removed from the queues and indexes to unblock the validator for the next iterations.
```
not sure if this works but the sentence in review is a little off with wording

simd tx staking cancel-unbond cosmosvaloper1gghjut3ccd8ay0zduzj64hwre2fxs9ldmqhffj 100stake 123123 --from mykey
```

##### rotate cons pubkey

> The command `rotate-cons-pubkey` allow validators to rotate the associated consensus pubkey to the new consensus pubkey.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command `rotate-cons-pubkey` allows validators to rotate the associated consensus pubkey to the new consensus pubkey.
```
